Update README.md (#128)
vtex-apps/store-sitemap: docs/README.md

# Store Sitemap

> The Store Sitemap app is responsible for automatically generating a `sitemap.xml` file of your VTEX IO Store. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Store Sitemap app is responsible for automatically generating a `sitemap.xml` file of your store website. 
```

> One of our app’s important SEO features for cross-border stores is handling route internationalization. This guarantees that each route has its alternate link for the supported locale binding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An important SEO feature for cross-border stores is having a sitemap capable of handling route internationalization. This guarantees that each route has its alternate link for the supported locale binding.
```

For more information about generating a sitemap, check the following sections.

## Before you start

This app is available to stores using `vtex.edition-store@3.x` [Edition App](https://vtex.io/docs/concepts/edition-app/). To check which Edition App is installed on your account, run `vtex edition get`. If it's a different Edition, please [open a ticket](https://help-tickets.vtex.com/smartlink/sso/login/zendesk) to VTEX Support asking for the installation of the `vtex.edition-store@3.x` Edition App.

Before generating your store's sitemap, you might want to adjust if products, navigation, app and/or custom routes will be included in it or not. If that's the case, check the [Advanced Configuration section](#advanced-configuration) for more information.

> ## Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step by step
```

1. Using your terminal and the [VTEX IO CLI](https://vtex.io/docs/recipes/development/vtex-io-cli-installation-and-command-reference/), log into your account.
2. Run `vtex use {workspaceName} --production` to use a production workspace or [create a production workspace](https://vtex.io/docs/recipes/development/creating-a-production-workspace/)  from scratch.

> > ⚠️ warning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ **Warning**
```

```
This means your sitemap will be available in some minutes, after being processed and saved on our database.

> > ℹ️ Info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ℹ️ **Info**
```

>
> Keep in mind that the time taken to generate a sitemap is proportional to the number of products. For example, the average time to generate a sitemap for a store with 60k products is 30 minutes. For 5k products, the duration should be about 5 minutes.

 ⚠️ If you attempt to send a new request to the Sitemap API while your store's sitemap generation is already taking place, the following message will be displayed:	

```	
Sitemap generation already in place	
Next generation available: <End-date>	
```	

To make a force restart, add the `force` argument to the query, as in: `generateSitemap(force: true)`. But, be aware that this will cancel the previous process.	

10. Check the sitemap generated for the current workspace you are working on by accessing `https://{workspace}--{account}.myvtex.com/sitemap.xml` on your browser. Notice that if your store is a cross-border one, you'll first see an index containing a website's sitemap for each locale.

> > ℹ️ info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ℹ️ **Info**
```

}
```

Once everything is set up, go back to the **step 4** of the [Configuration section](#configuration).

#### Extending the sitemap

To add custom routes created by an app (for example, the ones created by the [`store-locator`](https://github.com/vtex-apps/store-locator)) to your store's sitemap, the app must respond to an XML file containing a list of the routes created by that app. Lastly, you must include the path to the XML file that your app responds to as an index of your store's sitemap.

For implementation details, check the following step by step.

1. Create or modify your app to respond to the following route `/sitemap/{index-name}.xml` and to return an XML file containing the data that you want the search engine (e.g., Google) to index. Remember to replace the values between the curly brackets according to your scenario.

> > ℹ️ info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ℹ️ **Info**
```

}
```

> > ℹ️ infor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ℹ️ **Info**
```
